README.md, before:


## CoffeeShop-NextJS-Webpage

## Relevant Tutorial Links

> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIbyO-bwdUs

> https://scroll.locomotive.ca/docs#/

> https://github.com/locomotivemtl/locomotive-scroll/tree/v5-beta

> https://github.com/locomotivemtl/locomotive-scroll/issues/550

> https://miyattiblog.com/explanation-of-flex-property/

## To Install Package Dependencies

```
npm i gsap react-icons split-type swiper

npm install locomotive-scroll@beta

npm i framer-motion
```

## To Create Next.js React App

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Updated README.md and package.json

README.md, after:


## CoffeeShop-NextJS-Webpage

Coffee-Shop is a NextJS 14 Static Frontend Webpage, using React.js, Typescript, TailwindCSS, Framer-Motion, Locomotive-Scroll, Gsap, React-Icons, Split-Type, Swiper, Mobile NavBar features and deploed on Vercel.

**Note: To check this webpage live, click here:** 

## To Install Dependences

Before launching this web application, be sure to install all required dependencies, which are listed in the package.json file.

To install all dependences, run this command from your project folder: `npm install`

## To Install NodeJS

Make sure you have NodeJS installed in your machine first, The installation instructions are here: https://nodejs.org/en/

## Relevant Tutorial Links

> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIbyO-bwdUs

> https://scroll.locomotive.ca/docs#/

> https://github.com/locomotivemtl/locomotive-scroll/tree/v5-beta

> https://github.com/locomotivemtl/locomotive-scroll/issues/550

> https://miyattiblog.com/explanation-of-flex-property/

## Project Dependences Package Installation Command

```
npm i gsap react-icons split-type swiper

npm install locomotive-scroll@beta

npm i framer-motion
```

## To Create Next.js React App

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
